Welcome back to the course.
I hope you're enjoying the tutorials so far in this quick video.
I wanted to give you a heads up about the Udemy review system.
Now I know we haven't done much of the course it's really hard to judge the quality and the content
of the course.
However the Udemy review system is simply such that they will ask you for a review very shortly.
And what I would like to ask you to do is please have a look through the remaining Charles in this course.
Look through the sections the preferred the topics that will cover look through the different data sets
and we'll be working with.
And if you think that this is a five star course then please read it appropriately.
On the other hand if you find that you have any concerns or issues with the course then please let us
know beforehand before leaving a review so we can address your concerns and maybe even update the course
and change things so that you are totally satisfied with the contents and the quality of the force.
The reviews are very important because they help other students understand what to look out for inside
the course and what's quality and content awaits them.
On that note I called away to see you throughout the tutorials and let's get straight back into it.